20121012_brevets_uspatents_webpage_text.txt

https://individucible.over-blog.com/brevets-us-patents.html

Overblog
Tous les blogs
Top blogs Technologie & Science
Tous les blogs Technologie & Science
Rechercher
 
 Connexion
+ Créer mon blog
Individu Cible Individu CibleBlog d'entraide et de résistance aux harcèlements électroniques en réseaux..
Recherche...
Accueil
Du harcèlement en réseau au harcèlement global
Documentation - Archives
Contact
Brevets US Patents
Rédigé par Nicolas Méchin

Traduction et mise en forme à venir ...

Dans l'attente aller directement sur le site source:

http://bigbrotherwatchingus.com/Patent_Other_Site_Info.html

 
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE REALITY OF HYPNOTIC MIND CONTROL, USE, HISTORY, TECHNOLOGY TODAY AND THE SUCCESSFUL EFFORT FOR MASS POPULATION CONTROL IN PDF LINK BELOW:

http://www.webalice.it/odnvalen/Hypnotic.pdf

 

This is not a list of all patented mind control technology and devices in the United States. This is only some of them. See also Videos On Mind Control Weapons Technology.
 

23 U.S. Patented Mind Control Related 
Devices (1956 – 2003)
 
 
SEE ALSO LINK:  http://www.usa-anti-communist.com/ard blog/Targeting_Citizens_With_DEWs.php
NOTE: OPEN LINK 
UNDER PATENT
NUMBER BELOW


These patents, highly advanced, are handheld, portable, land, sea and space-based today:
 

US Patent #	
Description
Inventor
Filed	Issued
US3014477	Hypnotic Inducer (Mind Control Machine)	
Carlin
1956	1961
US3060795	Apparatus For Producing Visual Stimulation (Subconscious Transmission via Movie Film)	
Corrigan et al
1958	1962
US3278676	Apparatus For Producing Visual and Auditory Stimulation (Subconscious Transmission via TV)	
Becker
1958	1966
US3393279	Nervous System Excitation Device 	
Flanagan
1962	1968
US3563246	Method and Apparatus For Improving Neural Performance In Human Subjects By Electrotherapy	
Puharich
1967	1971
US3629521	Hearing Systems (RF/Microwave)	
Puharich
1970	1971
US3712292	Method Of and Apparatus For Producing Swept Frequency Modulated Audio Signal Patterns For Inducing Sleep (Brain Frequencies Broadcast)	
Zentmayer, Jr.
1971	1973
US3884218	Method of Inducing and Maintaining Stages Of Sleep in the Human Being (FFR - Frequency Following Response Microwave)	
Monroe
1970	1975
US3951134	Apparatus and Method For Remotely Monitoring and Altering Brain Waves (RF/Electromagnetic Waves)	
Malech
1974	1976
US4395600	Auditory Subliminal Message System and Method (Subliminal Brainwash via Music or Other Sound)	
Lundy
1980	1983
US4717343	Method Of Changing A Person’s Behavior  (Subconscious Brainwash via Video)	
Densky
1986	1988
US4777529	Auditory Subliminal Programming System (Silent Brainwash Via Music or Other Sound)	
Schultz/Dolejs
1987	1988
US4834701	Apparatus For Inducing Frequency Reduction In Brain Wave (FFR - Brain Frequencies Transmission)	
Masaki
1985	1989
US4858612	Hearing Device (Microwave Hearing)	
Stocklin
1983	1989
US4877027	Hearing System (Microwave Hearing via open air Broadcast)	
Brunkan
1988	1989
US5159703	Silent Subliminal Presentation System  (aka Silent Sound - Microwave)	
Lowery
1989	1992
US5356368	Method Of and Apparatus For Inducing Desired States Of Consciousness (FFR/EEG Waveforms By Broadcast)	
Monroe
1991	1994
US5774088	Method and System For Warning Birds Of Hazards (Microwave Hearing)	
Kreithen
1997	1998
US5889870	Acoustic Heterodyne Device and Method (Ultrasound. Ventriloquist Effect.)	
Norris
1996	1999
US6011991	Communication System and Method Including Brain Wave Analysis and/or Use of Brain Activity (Remote Viewing)	
Mardirossian
1998	2000
US6052336	Apparatus and Method Of Broadcasting Audible Sound Using Ultrasonic Sound As A Carrier (Ultrasound)	
Lowery
1998	2000
US6470214	Method and device For Implementing The Radio Frequency Hearing Effect (Microwave Hearing)	
O’Loughlin/Loree
1992	2002
US6587729	Apparatus For Audibly Communicating Speech Using The Radio Frequency Hearing Effect (Microwave Hearing)	
O’Loughlin/Loree
2002	2003
 
 

NEWER PATENTS RESULTING FROM ONGOING RESEARCH, TESTING AND DEVELOPMENT, FOR EXAMPLE, BY SONY.

LINK:

http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/19zkzt/list_of_patents_for_mindcontrollike_devices_and/

Below are examples:
 

List of patents for Mind-Control-Like devices and research(self.conspiracy)

by MrPSAGuy

Method of inducing mental, emotional and physical states of consciousness, including specific mental activity, in human beings

Method of and apparatus for inducing desired states of consciousness - updated patent, with apparatus definition

Behavioural and EEG changes in sheep in response to painful acute electrical stimuli - Pavlov meets Frankenstein

A High-Density EEG Investigation into Steady State Binaural Beat Stimulation - Binaural beats can be used to produce a "wah" effect in music, or at ELF frequencies, to alter mood. Also, they can be modulated somewhat like an FM radio.

Device for inducing and maintaining sleep - tubeless knockout gas?

The human frequency-following response (FFR): Normal variability and relation to the click-evoked brainstem response - more related to pseudotelepathy/thought intrusion

Brain entrainment paper - intro to binaural beats

Implantable behavior modulation device, with mild electrical shocks - Someone actually had the gall to patent this... sort of here for comic relief I guess.

Modulation of peripheral nerve excitability by high frequency ultrasound - paywalled paper but abstract there

Method and system for forming an acoustic signal from neural timing difference data - Sony patent for calibration of ultrasound-based cortical visual data projection

Method and system for generating sensory data onto the human neural cortex - Sony patent for ultrasound-based cortical sensory data projection, including visual.

Neurostimulator - another patent, for implantable neurostimulator (uses focal ultrasound)

Focused ultrasound as a tool to input sensory information to humans (Review) - paywalled paper.

Noninvasive Transcranial Stimulation of Rat Abducens Nerve by Focused Ultrasound - Can cause eye movement towards stimulated side

NASA technology for reading subvocalizations ("reading to oneself")

Dream Reconstruction/Imaging Process Using fMRI - Record dreams like with a camcorder.

Cell phone spectrum radio waves can cause undesirable physiological effects - There is also a Danish study confirming this.


Has Brain Entrainment programming begun today focusing on a younger generation and on a larger scale?
 

http://illuminatiwatcher.com/beast-by-dre-beats-are-satanic-illuminati-headphones/
 

The fact is Binaural beats reportedly influence the brain in more subtle ways through the entrainment of brainwaves. 

Manipulation of brainwaves is pivotal in mind control and the key for mass population control of which these technologies have their foundation through Operation Paperclip Nazi Mind Control idealogy!



THE NEXT LINK PROVIDES A BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE HISTORY OF "MIND CONTROL TECHNOLOGY" ALSO KNOWN AS PSYCHO-PHYSICAL,  OR PSYCHOTRONIC MEANING (PSYCHOLOGICAL ELECTRONIC) AND ELECTRO-MAGNETIC RADIO FREQUENCY WEAPONS OR REMOTE NEURAL MONITORING.

THE LIST ENCOMPASSES DIRECTED ENERGY WEAPONS MANY REPORT BEING HIT WITH TODAY AND IN SOME CASES RELENTLESSLY, AROUND THE CLOCK.


THE QUESTION IS:

"HOW FAR IN THE FUTURE IS THE BAN ON PSYCHO-TRONIC WEAPONS?" 

LINK:  http://www.opednews.com/articles/How-Far-in-the-Future-is-t-by-mojmir-Babacek-130117-720.html
  
OR, AT THE VERY LEAST FULL DISCLOSURE?
 
 

Throughout the years, people have been tested on without their knowledge or consent.  In light of this technology, now fully implemented, some recognized that diagnosis today must also include/exclude, or rule out these mind invasive patents which are highly perfected first as a possible contributor.  However, some choose instead to look the other way. 

Painfully, many people have lost, their families, jobs, and lives after years of "Synthetic Telepathy" also known as weaponized schizophrenia and the "Voice of God" by the DOD, through relentless tormenting also known as Voice to Skull.  It is obvious why testing is necessary.   How else is effectiveness determined?  Voice to Skull, was originally called the Neurophone.   However, Alan Frey, perfected microwave technology which has the same capability and effect. 
  
NOTE:  BELOW IS ONE OF THE TOP PATENTS CAPABLE OF TRANSMITTING THOUGHTS, FROM PERSON TO PERSON, OF WHICH IS  IN FULL USE TODAY BY THE MILITARY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT PSYCHOLOGICAL ELECTRONIC REMOTE NEURAL MONITORING OPERATIONS.  

AS SHOWN IT ALLOWS EEG MIND READING OF THE TARGET'S THOUGHTS, AND THEN ALSO COMMUN-ICATION THROUGH ARTIFICIAL TECHNOLOGICAL TELEPATHY AKA "HEARING VOICES" EFFECT WHICH IS ACTUALLY THE VOICE OF THE OPERATOR AT THE HELM OF THIS TECHNOLOGY BEAMING IT VIA RADAR LASER.

THIS CAPABILITY AND PATENT IS BEING STRATE-GICALLY USED TODAY TO DISCREDIT A TARGET INTENTIONALLY AND TO DISMISS THE TRUTH USING MISDIAGNOSE OF THE TARGET'S AS MENTALLY ILL IMMORALLY! 

THE OVERALL EFFORT IS TO DENY THE CAPABILITY BY ROGUE CRIMINAL ELEMENTS USING THIS TECHNO-LOGY TODAY AND TO KEEP IT HIDDEN.

**THOUGHT TRANSMISSION CAPABILITY**

 

https://www.google.com/patents/DE10253433A1?cl=en

 

 
 
BELOW BEGINS A DETAILED LIST OF PATENTS 
AND IN SOME CASES ABSTRACTS


The Department of Homeland Security, thought reading software called MALINTENT, and another by Hewlett Packard is called Precrime. 

Both are in full use globally today, to include Federal, State, and local agencies and military operations within the US.  The technology is designed to focus on a target and read the thoughts of targets of which some personnel use to degrade, demean, and mimic, as a form to technological harassment.  The individuals typically do so while working in shifts around the clock.  And, the technology can be used to nudge a person into crime to entrap a target, especially if unaware their thoughts are monitored and subliminally manipulated and influence.
 

If you are against tyranny, for example, you then can be placed on a “Watch List” for numerous reasons then targeted by psychotronic  weapons and psychophysical directed energy weapons, also known as the Active Denial System technology, in a massive technology testing program approved for military and law enforcement testing.  The mind reading technology has its origins in the Brainwave Monitor/ Analyzer as shown below:


LINK REGARDING MALINTENT:  


http://www.foxnews.com/story/2008/09/23/homeland-security-detects-terrorist-threats-by-reading-your-mind/


 
BRAINWAVE SCANNERS / PROGRAMS: 


The EEG was first developed in 1920.  Later Lawrence Pinneo, a neurophysiologist and electronic engineer working for Stanford Research Institute (a military contractor) is
the first "known" pioneer in the field of computer
based mind reading.  

In 1974 he developed a computer system which correlated brainwaves on an electroencepha-lograph with specific comments.

 

BRAINWAVE MONITOR/ANALYZER (MIND READING)
 
Mind reading software was first developed in 1994 by Dr. Donald York and Dr. Thomas Jensen.


In 1994, the brainwave patterns of 40 subjects were officially correlated with both spoken words and silent thought. This was achieved by a neurophysiologist, Dr. Donald York, and a speech pathologist, Dr. Thomas Jensen, from the University of Missouri.

They clearly identified 27 words /syllables in specific brain wave patterns and produced a computer program with a brain wave vocabulary.


Using lasers/satellites, and high-powered computers, the agencies have now gained the ability to decipher human thoughts - and from a considerable distance. (instantaneously)


DESCRIPTION: As personal scanning and tracking system involving the monitoring of an individual electromagnetic frequency, biometrically, via remote means; e.g. Satellite.  The results are fed to thought activated computers that possess a complete brainwave vocabulary via EEG.
 

PURPOSE: Practically, communication with stroke victims and brain-activated control of modern jets are two applications. However, more often, it is used to mentally rape a Civilian target; their thoughts being referenced immediately and/ or recorded for future use.



EEG CLONING 


DESCRIPTION: A system whereby the target’s electromagnetic frequency is monitored remotely and EEG results fed back to them (or others) to mimic emotional patterns; e.g. fear, anger, etc.  In other words supercomputer's clone your emotions then beam them back to you to induce fear or panic to control you.
 

PURPOSE: To induce emotional / psychological responses. For example, the feedback of Delta waves may induct drowsiness since these are familiar when in deep sleep.  Delta Programming is also used for Manchurian Candidates.


DIRECTED ENERGY WEAPONS DEPLOYED FROM OPERATION CENTERS  COOK THE HUMAN BODY AS IF A PIECE OF MEAT IN A MICROWAVE  OVEN. 
 

This patent is today being used to torture targets covertly.  It works hand in hand with biometric software after the downloading of the target’s DNA, iris, gait, facial recognition, voice recognition, etc:


US Patent # 20070139247 A1, Multifunctional Radio Frequency Directed Energy system


Abstract – A radio frequency directed energy system (RFDE) includes an RFDE transmitter and antenna directing high powered electromagnetic energy towards a target sufficient to cause high damage or disruption of the target.  The RFDE system further includes a targeting system for locating the target.  The targeting system includes a radar transmitter and at least one radar antenna for transmitting and receiving electromagnetic energy to locate the target.  The RFDE also includes a radar pointing system for aiming at least one RFDE antenna at the target based on the location of the target as ascertained by the targeting system.  Moreover, at least a portion of the radar transmitter or at least one radar antenna is integrated within at least a portion of the RFDE transmitter or at least one antenna.


MIND CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ALL HAVE POSITIVE BENEFITS FOR SOCIETY, HOWEVER, TODAY MOST OF THESE PATENTS ARE BEING USED FOR NEFARIOUS GOALS


BELOW IS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND ABSTRACTS OF UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE PATENTS DATING BACK IN DETAIL:


US Patent # 2,995,633 (August 8, 1961) Means for Aiding Hearing, Puharich, Henry & Lawrence, J.
 

US Patent # 3,156,787 (November 10, 1964) Solid State Hearing System, Lawrence, Joseph & Puharich, Henry 


Abstract --- N/A


US Patent # 3,170,993 (February 23, 1965) Means for Aiding Hearing by Electrical Stimulation of the Facial Nerve System, Puharich, Henry & Lawrence, Joseph

Abstract --- N/A
 

THE NEUROPHONE IS ONE OF THE FIRST OFFICIALLY PATENTED "HEARING VOICES" EFFECT TECHNOLOGY.  THE LINK BELOW GIVES THE HISTORY OF THE INVENTOR, PATRICK FLANAGAN AND HOW IT WAS CONFISCATED BY THE GOVERNMENT.


http://www.worldtrans.org/spir/neuro.html

 

NEUROPHONE: U.S. Patent# 3,393,279, July 16, 1968, Dr. PatricK Flanagan

 


PURPOSE: Practically, the Neurophone could be used to communicate with the deaf but more often, it is used to terrorize targets. The tracked individuals here recorded/live threats, propaganda, etc. which those around them do not hear (delivered mainly via satellite laser). This harasses and discredit’s the targets; especially if the problem is communicated to those unaware or the relevant technologies.
 

ADVANCED NEUROPHONE: U. S. Patent # 3,647,970, March 7, 1972. Inventor - Dr. Patrick Flanagan (Invented 1967)

 

The Neurophone
US Patent # 3,393,279. July 16th, 1968

US Patent # 3,647,970. March 7th, 1972



The Neurophone was developed by Dr Patrick

Flanagan in 1958. It’s a device that converts sound

to electrical impulses. In its original form electrodes

were placed on the skin but with defense

department developments, the signals can be

delivered via satellite. They then travel the nervous

system directly to the brain (bypassing normal

hearing mechanisms). Dr Flanagan’s “3D holographic

sound system” can place sounds in any location as

perceived by the targeted / tortured listener. This

allows for a variety of deceptions for gullible victims.



Today, the CIA, DIA (etc) use satellites and ground –

based equipment to deliver verbal threats, deafening

noise and propaganda; using neurophone

technology. Anything from TV’s/radio’s appearing to

operate when switched off through to “Voices from

God” and encounters with “telepathic” aliens are all

cons using neurophone technologies to torment,

deceive and (most importantly) discredit

agency/targets. Naturally, the system can mimic

anyone’s voice and automatic computer translations

(into any language) are incorporated.



Anecdotal evidence indicates that people like David

Koresh, Martin Bryant and others could have been

programmed then remotely triggered (or tricked)

using harassment technologies like the neurophone.

(Although most of the targets are intelligent and

law-abiding). For example, John Lennon’s killer, Mark

Chapman, reportedly heard voices before and after

silencing the agency-hounded peace advocate.

“God” apparently told him to confess verbally.

To explain why others physically moving into the

path of the laser (or whatever) do not pick up the

signals, please note the following “possibilities”…



a) Kirlean photography may be an ancillary system

so it’s attuned to the targets personal energy field

(their unique EM waves).

 

b) The magnetite in our brains can act as a

detectable fingerprint.



c) Equally each of us has a unique bio electrical

resonance frequency in our brains. EMF Brain

stimulation may be encoded so that pulsating EM

signals sent to the targets brain cause audio-visual

effects which only the target experiences. This, to

me, is the best explanation.



d) The individuals “vibrational pattern” could be

used as a signal filter like a radio receiving only the

sound modulating the frequency of the station it’s

tuned to.



e) The monitors simply adjust the volume

downwards when you’re in a position where the

signal could hit someone else’s body. Even if they

heard it (briefly) they’d attribute it to another voice

in the crowd etc.



If it wasn’t so effective it would not be used to

facilitate silent communications between U.S.

government agents/military personnel.  And, by

numerous reports, today used in relentless, ongoing,

technological harassment of thousands of targets in

a government program harassed around the clock as

Targeted Individuals from state-of-the-art operation

centers nationwide, and many report globally.

 

US Patent # 3,393,279 (July 16, 1968)
Nervous System Excitation Device, Flanagan, Giles P. 
 

Abstract --- A method of transmitting audio information via a radio frequency signal modulated with the audio info through electrodes placed on the subject's skin, causing the sensation of hearing the audio information in the brain.
 

US Patent # 3,629,521 (January 8, 1970) Hearing Systems, Puharich, Henry K.
 

Abstract --- The present invention relates to the stimulation of the sensation of hearing in persons of impaired hearing abilities or in certain cases persons totally deaf utilizing RF energy. More particularly, the present invention relates to a method and apparatus for imparting synchronous AF or ""acoustic" signals and so-called "transdermal" or RF signals. Hearing and improved speech discrimination, in accordance with one aspect of the present invention, is stimulated by the application of an AF acoustical signal to the "ear system" conventional bio-mechanism of hearing, which is delivered to the brain through the "normal" channels of hearing and a separate transdermal RF electrical signal which is applied to the "facial nerve system" and is detectable as a sensation of hearing. Vastly improved and enhanced hearing may be achieved.
 

PSYCHO - Acoustic Projector: U.S. Patent, #3,566,347, February 23, 1971
 

DESCRIPTION: A high directional beam radiated from a number of transducers and modulated by a speech, code, or noise beat signal. It may take the form of radiator mounted on a vehicle, aircraft or satellite.


PURPOSE: To produce aural/psychological disturbances and partial deafness.


US Patent # 3,576,185 (April 27, 1971) Sleep-Inducing Method & Arrangement using Modulated Sound & Light, Meseck, Oscar & Schulz, Hans R. 


Abstract --- N/A


US Patent # 3,568,347 (February 23, 1971) Psycho-Acoustic Projector, Flanders, Andrew 


Abstract --- A system for producing aural psychological disturbances and partial deafness in the enemy during combat situations.
 

US Patent # 3,647,970 (March 7, 1972) Method and System for Simplifying Speech Waveforms, Flanagan, G. Patrick
 

Abstract --- A complex speech waveform is simplified so that it can be transmitted directly through earth or water as a waveform and understood directly or after amplification.


US Patent # 3,773,049 (November 20, 1973) Apparatus for Treatment of Neuropsychic & Somatic Diseases with Heat, Light, Sound & VHF Electromagnetic Radiation, L. Y. Rabichev, et al. 
 

Abstract --- N/A


US Patent # 3,766,331 (October 16, 1973) Hearing Aid for Producing Sensations in the Brain,
Zink, Henry R. 
 

Abstract --- A pulsed oscillator or transmitter supplies energy to a pair of insulated electrodes mounted on a person's neck. The transmitter produces pulses of intensity greater than a predetermined threshold value and of a width and rate so as to produce the sensation of hearing without use of the auditory canal, thereby producing a hearing system enabling otherwise deaf people to hear.


US Patent # 3,727,616 (March 17, 1973) Electronic System for Stimulation of Biological Systems, Lenskes, H.


Abstract --- A receiver totally implanted within a living body is inductively coupled by two associated receiving coils to a physically unattached external transmitter which transmits two signals of different frequencies to the receiver via two associated transmitting coils. One of the signals from the transmitter provides the implanted receiver with precise control or stimulating signals which are demodulated and processed in a signal processor network in the receiver and then used by the body for stimulation of a nerve, for example, while the other signal provides the receiver with a continuous wave power signal which is rectified in the receiver to provide a source of electrical operating power for the receiver circuitry without need for an implanted battery.
 

US Patent # 3,712,292 (January 23, 1973) Method & Apparatus for Producing Swept FM Audio Signal Patterns for Inducing Sleep, Zentmeyer, J. 
 

Abstract --- A method of producing sound signals for inducing sleep in a human being, and apparatus therefor together with REPRESENTATIONS thereof in recorded form, wherein an audio signal is generated representing a familiar, pleasing, repetitive sound, modulated by continuously sweeping frequencies in two selected frequency ranges having the dominant frequencies which occur in electrical wave patterns of the human brain during certain states of sleep. The volume of the audio signal is adjusted to mask the ambient noise and the subject can select any of several familiar, repetitive sounds most pleasing to him.
 

US Patent # 3,837,331 (September 24, 1974) System & Method for Controlling the Nervous System of a Living Organism, Ross, S. 
 

Abstract --- A novel method for controlling the nervous system of a living organism for therapeutic and research purposes, among other applications, and an electronic system utilized in, and enabling the practice of the invented method. Bioelectrical signals generated in specific topological areas of the organism's nervous system, typically areas of the brain, are processed by the invented system so as to produce an output signal which is in some way an analog of selected characteristics detected in the bioelectrical signal. The output of the system, typically an audio or visual signal, is fed back to the organism as a stimulus. Responding to the stimulus, the organism can be trained to control the waveform pattern of the bioelectrical signal generated in its own nervous system.
 

US Patent # 3,835,833 (September 17, 1974) Method for Obtaining Neurophysiological Effects, Limoge, A. 


Abstract --- A method and apparatus for obtaining neurophysiological effects on the central and/or peripheral systems of a patient. Electrodes are suitably positioned on the body of the patient and a composite electric signal is applied at the electrodes. The composite signal is formed by the superpositioning of two signals: a first signal which is a rectified high-frequency carrier modulated in amplitude to about 100 percent by substantially square-shaped pulses whose duration, amplitude and frequency are chosen according to the neurophysiological effects desired, and a second signal which has a relatively white noise spectrum. The mean value of the first electric signal has a predetermined sign which is opposite the sign of the mean value of the second electric signal.
 

LAWRENCE PINNEO, a neurophysiologist and electronic engineer working for Stanford Research Institute (a military contractor) is the first “known” pioneer in this field. In 1974, he developed a computer system which correlated brain waves on an electroencephalograph with specific commands.


In the early 1990s, Dr. Edward Taub reported that words could be communicated onto a screen using the thought-activated movements of the computer cursor.
 

How is it done?


The magnetic field around the head, the brain waves of an individual can be monitored by satellite. The transmitter is therefore the brain itself just as body heat is used for “Iris” satellite tracking (infrared) or mobile phones or bugs can be tracked as “transmitters.” In the case of the brain wave monitoring the results are then fed back to the relevant computers. Monitors then use the information to conduct “conversation” where audible Neurophone input is “applied” to the target / victim.
 

Microwaves and Behavior by Don Justesen, American Psychologist, March 1975

This is the Microwave "Hearing Voices" capability using the "Frey Effect" named after Alan Frey
 

Menlo Park, California: Stanford Research Institute, 1975.  Physical Control of the Mind.
 

American Psychologist, 1948, Page 3.  Subminiature Radio EEG Telemeter for Studies of Disturbed Children.


MIND CONTROL COMMUNITY LINKS:

http://www.mindcontrolvictimsunity.in/


Washington Post Article
 

As an alternative explanation and the one that most mind control victims firmly believe,  Justesen reported in "Microwaves and Behavior," American Psychologist, March 1975, that Sharp and Grove:
 

It was demonstrated rigorously in an experiment conducted by Sharp and Grove, and published in an American Psychologist edition during 1975. ... + Mind Control and Electromagnetic harassment victims...

Mind Control Technology is the last thing powerful government agencies wants detailed and published.  Today news agencies are under National Security gag orders.
 

http://mindcontrol.twoday.net/stories/3189291/ 
 

Mind Control: IS IT FEASIBLE TO MANIPULATE HUMAN BRAIN?
 

Don R. Justesen, 1975, Microwaves and Behavior, American Psychologist, March 1975, pg. 391 - 401; ... Mind Control and Electromagnetic harassment victims...
 

http://mindcontrol.twoday.net/stories/299780/


US Patent # 3,884,218 (May 20, 1975) Method of Inducing & Maintaining Various Stages of Sleep in the Human Being, Monroe, Robert A.   
 

Abstract --- A method of inducing sleep in a human being wherein an audio signal is generated comprising a familiar pleasing repetitive sound modulated by an EEG sleep pattern. The volume of the audio signal is adjusted to overcome the ambient noise and a subject can select a familiar repetitive sound most pleasing to himself.


Malech's Remote Brainwave-Altering Machine

Patent Number 3951134 (April, 1976)  Represents an invention by Robert G. Malech.
 

US Patent # 3,967,616 (July 6, 1976) Multichannel System for & Multifactorial Method of Controlling the Nervous System of a Living Organism,
Ross, Sidney A. 
 

Abstract --- A novel method for controlling the nervous system of a living organism for therapeutic and research purposes, among other applications, and an electronic system utilized in, and enabling the practice of, the invented method. Bioelectrical signals generated in specific topological areas of the organism's nervous system, typically areas of the brain, are processed by the invented system so as to produce a sensory stimulus if the system detects the presence or absence, as the case may be, of certain characteristics in the waveform patterns of the bioelectrical signals being monitored. The coincidence of the same or different characteristics in two or more waveform patterns, or the non-coincidence thereof, may be correlated with a certain desired condition of the organism's nervous system; likewise, with respect to the coincidence or non-coincidence of different characteristics of a single waveform pattern. In any event, the sensory stimulus provided by the invented system, typically an audio or visual stimulus, or combination thereof, is fed back to the organism which associates its presence with the goal of achieving the desired condition of its nervous system. Responding to the stimulus, the organism can be trained to control the waveform patterns of the monitored bioelectrical signals and thereby, control its own nervous system. The results of the coincidence function permit results heretofore unobtainable.
 

US Patent # 3,951,134 (April 20, 1976) Apparatus & Method for Remotely Monitoring & Altering Brain Waves, Malech, Robert G.
 

Abstract --- Apparatus for and method of sensing brain waves at a position remote from a subject whereby electromagnetic signals of different frequencies are simultaneously transmitted to the brain of the subject in which the signals interfere with one another to yield a waveform which is modulated by the subject's brain waves. The interference waveform which is representative of the brain wave activity is re-transmitted by the brain to a receiver where it is demodulated and amplified. The demodulated waveform is then displayed for visual viewing and routed to a computer for further processing and analysis. The demodulated waveform also can be used to produce a compensating signal which is transmitted back to the brain to effect a desired change in electrical activity therein.
 

NOTE:  These weapons was referred to by L. Brezhnev in 1978 when he told then U.S. President J. Carter that there should be a unilateral ban on certain secret weapons “more frightful than the mind of man has ever conceived.” And clearly there are many others that we are yet to learn about; including advanced forms of infrasound weapons that can induce organ damage/illness from remote sources (esp. satellites).
 

US Patent # 4,082,918 (April 4, 1978) Audio Analgesic Unit, Chang, Roland W., et al.
 

Abstract --- An audio analgesic unit for use in masking sounds and substituting another sound which includes earmuffs to be used by a dental patient in which speakers are arranged and connected to a patient operated remote control unit to control the sound levels and a master control unit to override the patient remote control unit and operated by an operator, such as a dentist. A beeper indicates operation mode change.
 

US Patent # 4,141,344 (February 27, 1979) Sound Recording System, Barbara, Louis J. 


Abstract --- In recording an audio program, such as music or voice, on a magnetic tape recorder an A.C. signal generator operating at a frequency below about 14 Hz provides an AC baseline for the audio program signal. This 14 Hz or lower AC signal is sensed by the listener's ear to create an Alpha or Theta state in his brain when the tape is played back.
 

US Patent # 4,227,516 (October 14, 1980) Apparatus for Electrophysiological Stimulation,
Meland, Bruce C., et al. 
 

Abstract --- Apparatus for the electrophysiological stimulation of a patient is provided for creating an analgesic condition in the patient to induce sleep, treat psychosomatic disorders, and to aid in the induction of electrohypnosis and altered states of consciousness. The foregoing is achieved by repetitive stimuli in the patient for whom external influences, namely those of sight and sound, are intentionally excluded. The apparatus produces electrical stimulation of the patient in the form of a modulated wave which produces impulses in the delta, theta, alpha and beta regions of the brain's electrical activity, the electrical stimulation being accompanied by two sources of audio stimulation, one of which is a sinusoidal tone modulated by and synchronized with the electrical stimulation, and the other is derived from sound recordings.
 

US Patent # 4,191,175 (March 4, 1980) Method & Apparatus for Repetitively Producing a Noise-like Audible Signal, Nagle, William L. 
 

Abstract --- A digital pulse generator and shift register repetitively produce bursts of digital pulses at a first adjustable repetition frequency. The repetition frequency of the pulses in each burst is also adjustable. A pink noise filter accentuates the lower burst frequency components near 7 hz and substantially attenuates all frequency components of the bursts above a first cut-off point near 10 Khz. A tunable band pass amplifier having a center frequency adjustable over a preselected range of frequencies optimally detectable by the average human ear accentuates the pink noise filter output near 2.6 Khz. The tunable amplifier drives an audible signal source with noise-like pulses of varying amplitudes and frequency components. A low pass amplifier may be connected to the pink noise filter to generate a train of pulses having a repetition frequency near 7 hz which pulses a light source in synchronism with the audible noise-like signal.
 

US Patent # 4,315,501 (February 16, 1982) Learning-Relaxation Device, Gorges, Denis E. 
 

Abstract --- Disclosed is a device for relaxing, stimulating and/or driving brain wave form function in a human subject. The device comprises, in combination, an eye mask having independently controlled left and right eyepieces and a peripheral light array in each eyepiece, an audio headset having independently controlled left and right earpieces and a control panel which controls light and sound signals to the light arrays and earpieces, respectively. Various control functions allow simultaneous or alternating light and sound pulsations in the left and right light arrays and earpieces, as well as selective phasing between light and sound pulsations.
 

US Patent # 4,335,710 (June 22, 1982) Device for the Induction of Specific Brain Wave Patterns, Williamson, John 
 

Abstract --- Brain wave patterns associated with relaxed and meditative states in a subject are gradually induced without deleterious chemical or neurological side effects. A white noise generator (11) has the spectral noise density of its output signal modulated in a manner similar to the brain wave patterns by a switching transistor within a spectrum modulator and converted to an audio signal by acoustic transducer. Ramp generator gradually increases the voltage received by and resultant output frequency of voltage controlled oscillator whereby switching transistor periodically shunts the high frequency components of the white noise signal to ground.
 

US Patent # 4,354,505 (October 19, 1982) Method of and Apparatus for Testing and Indicating Relaxation State of a Human Subject, Shiga Kazumasa 
 

Abstract --- In a self-training biofeedback system, a physiological signal representing the state of relaxation of a person using the system is applied to a time counter to generate a binary count output representing the relaxation period. A visual indicator connected to the time counter provides the self-trained person with a quick display of the measured time period so he can gauge the depth of his relaxation.
 

US Patent# 4388918 (June 21, 1983) Mental harmonization process, Filley, Charles C.  
 

Abstract --- A state of relaxation or mental harmonization in a subject is created by exposing a color solely to one field of vision of a subject and the complement of that color solely to the other field of vision of the subject while simultaneously exposing an audible tone solely to one ear of the subject and a harmonious tone solely to the other ear of the subject. The color and tones employed are subjectively comfortable and compatible. Preferably, the frequency difference between the two audible tones is one-half the frequency of the audible tone having the lowest frequency.
 

US Patent # 4,395,600 (July 26, 1983) Auditory Subliminal Message System & Method,
Lundy, Rene R., et al.
 

Abstract --- Ambient audio signals from the customer shopping area within a store are sensed and fed to a signal processing circuit that produces a control signal which varies with variations in the amplitude of the sensed audio signals. A control circuit adjusts the amplitude of an auditory subliminal anti-shoplifting message to increase with increasing amplitudes of sensed audio signals and decrease with decreasing amplitudes of sensed audio signals. This amplitude controlled subliminal message may be mixed with background music and transmitted to the shopping area. To reduce distortion of the subliminal message, its amplitude is controlled to increase at a first rate slower than the rate of increase of the amplitude of ambient audio signals from the area. Also, the amplitude of the subliminal message is controlled to decrease at a second rate faster than the first rate with decreasing ambient audio signal amplitudes to minimize the possibility of the subliminal message becoming supraliminal upon rapid declines in ambient audio signal amplitudes in the area. A masking signal is provided with an amplitude which is also controlled in response to the amplitude of sensed ambient audio signals. This masking signal may be combined with the auditory subliminal message to provide a composite signal fed to, and controlled by, the control circuit.
 

US Patent # 4,508,105 (April 2, 1985) Shadow Generating Apparatus, Whitten, Glen, et al. 


Abstract --- Disclosed is an apparatus for inducing various brain wave patterns through visual stimulation. The apparatus comprises a pair of spectacles or other viewing apparatus having a liquid crystal display embedded in each lens. By repetitively activating and deactivating the liquid crystals, shadows are generated which are perceived by the subject individual wearing the viewing apparatus. Responding to the frequency of shadow generation, the subject's brain is thereby induced to generate sympathetic brain wave frequencies. The apparatus finds particular utility in the generation of alpha waves. Because learning is enhanced when the brain is in the alpha state, activities such as listening to tapes or lectures and the like can be carried out with greater facility. Shadow generation is accomplished through the use of a timing mechanism for each liquid crystal display and the frequency for each is adjustable over a wide range, permitting synchronous or asynchronous timing.
 

US Patent # 4,573,449 (March 4, 1986) Method for Stimulating the Falling Asleep and/or Relaxing Behavior of a Person, Warnke, Egon F.
 

Abstract --- A method and apparatus is provided with which a person suffering from sleeplessness can be more easily relaxed and may more rapidly fall asleep. In particular, sound pulses are emitted by an electro-acoustic transducer, according to the cadence of which, the person seeking to fall asleep is induced to breathe in and out over a predetermined period of time. By suitably selecting the pulse sequence frequency, the pitch and the amplitude of the sound pulses may be adjusted thereby enhancing the process of falling asleep.
 

US Patent # 4,616,261 (October 7, 1986) Method & Apparatus for Generating Subliminal Visual Messages, Crawford, James R., et al.
 

Abstract --- A system for generating a subliminal message during the display of a normal television program on a television receiver utilizes a personal computer to generate an RF carrier modulated with video signals encoding the subliminal message. The computer runs under the control of an application program which stores the subliminal message and also controls the computer to cause it to generate timing signals that are provided to a single pole double-throw switch. The source of the normal television program and the video output of the computer are connected to the two switch inputs and the switch output is connected to the television receiver antenna system. The timing signals cause the switch to normally display the conventional television program and to periodically switch to the computer output to generate the subliminal message. The video output of the computer includes horizontal and vertical synchronizing signals which are of substantially the same frequency as the synchronizing signals incorporated within the normal program source but of an arbitrary phase.
 

US Patent # 4,692,118 (September 8, 1987) Video Subconscious Display Attachment, Mould, Richard E. 

  

Abstract --- An apparatus and method for introducing messages to the subconscious mind is disclosed, which includes a panel positioned adjacent a television screen, with the panel having non-distractive messages imprinted thereon, such that as the subject consciously focuses his attention on the video screen, his subconscious mind records the message from the panel that is within his peripheral vision.
 

US Patent # 4,699,153 (October 13, 1987) System for Assessing Verbal Psychobiological, Correlates, Shevrin, Howard, et al.
 

Abstract --- A system for assessing psychobiological conditions of a subject utilizes a plurality of words which are selected to be in four categories as critical stimuli. The words are presented by a tachistoscope to the subject in subliminal and supraliminal modes of operation. Subliminal stimulation of the subject is achieved by presenting the selected words for an exposure period of approximately one millisecond. The supraliminal exposure time is approximately thirty milliseconds. Prior to stimulation, the subject is diagnosed in accordance with conventional psychoanalytical techniques to establish the presence and nature of a pathological condition. The words are selected and categorized in four groups: pleasant words, unpleasant words, words related to a diagnosed conscious pathological condition, and words related to a diagnosed unconscious pathological condition. The brain wave responses which are evoked by the stimulation are collected via electrodes and analyzed in accordance with a trans-information technique which is based on information signal theory for establishing a probabilistic value which corresponds to the information content of the evoked responses.
 

US Patent # 4,717,343 (January 5, 1988) Method of Changing a Person's Behavior, Densky, Alan B. 
 

Abstract --- A method of conditioning a person's unconscious mind in order to effect a desired change in the person's behavior which does not require the services of a trained therapist. Instead the person to be treated views a program of video pictures appearing on a screen. The program as viewed by the person's unconscious mind acts to condition the person's thought patterns in a manner which alters that person's behavior in a positive way.
 

US Patent # 4,734,037 (March 29, 1988) Message Screen, McClure, J. Patrick
 

Abstract --- A transparent sheet is disclosed having a message thereon. The sheet has a first side adapted to be attached facing a plate which is normally viewed by a viewer and a second side facing the viewer. The message is arranged to be readably intelligible from the second side but is not subliminally visible to the viewer when viewed from a normal viewing distance from the second side under normal viewing conditions. The message has a subliminal effect upon the viewer when viewed from the normal viewing distance from the second side under normal viewing conditions. A viewer can electively subject him or herself to subliminal messages while viewing television at leisure.
 

US Patent # 4,777,529 (October 11, 1988) Auditory Subliminal Programming System,
Schultz, Richard M., et al.    
 

Abstract --- An auditory subliminal programming system includes a subliminal message encoder that generates fixed frequency security tones and combines them with a subliminal message signal to produce an encoded subliminal message signal which is recorded on audio tape or the like. A corresponding subliminal decoder/mixer is connected as part of a user's conventional stereo system and receives as inputs an audio program selected by the user and the encoded subliminal message. The decoder/mixer filters the security tones, if present, from the subliminal message and combines the message signals with selected low frequency signals associated with enhanced relaxation and concentration to produce a composite auditory subliminal signal. The decoder/mixer combines the composite subliminal signal with the selected audio program signals to form composite signals only if it detects the presence of the security tones in the subliminal message signal. The decoder/mixer outputs the composite signal to the audio inputs of a conventional audio amplifier where it is amplified and broadcast by conventional audio speakers.
 

US Patent # 4,821,326 (April 11, 1989) Non-Audible Speech Generation Method & Apparatus,
MacLeod, Norman 
 

Abstract --- A non-audible speech generation apparatus and method for producing non-audible speech signals which includes an ultrasonic transducer or vibrator for projecting a series of glottal shaped ultrasonic pulses to the vocal track of a speaker. The glottal pulses, in the approximate frequency spectrum extending from 15 kilohertz to 105 kilohertz, contains harmonics of approximately 30 times the frequency of the acoustical harmonics generated by the vocal cords, but which may nevertheless be amplitude modulated to produce non-audible speech by the speaker's silently mouthing of words. The ultrasonic speech is then received by an ultrasonic transducer disposed outside of the speaker's mouth and electronically communicated to a tr

Publicité
Partager cette page
Partager cette page  
Repost
0
 

 
Retour à l'accueil
Suivez-moi

Suivez-moi sur Google+
http://plus.google.com/Zmh Mech
Suivez-moi sur Twitter
http://twitter.com/zmh45
S'abonner au flux RSS
https://individucible.over-blog.com/rss
Newsletter

Abonnez-vous pour être averti des nouveaux articles publiés.

Email
Saisissez votre email ici
Pages

Archives - Tout le contenu en lien -Brevets US PatentsChemtrails et MorgellonsCOINTELPROComprendre par l'imageContrôle MentalContrôle mental, franc-maçonnerie et occultisme révéléCréer un principe de précaution et d'information sur les nouvelles technologies!Historique de la télépathie synthétiqueInfos relatives au blogLe Pacte secretLettre ouverte face aux dérives des nouvelles technologies, biotechnologiques et psychotronique.Mon TémoignageRadioélectricitéRegistre National Des Refus
Archives

20152014
Liens

Zmh Mech google+
Theme: Classical © 2012 - Hébergé par OverblogGoTop
Voir le profil de Nicolas Méchin sur le portail Overblog Créer un blog gratuit sur Overblog Top articles Contact Signaler un abus  C.G.U. Rémunération en droits d'auteur Offre Premium Cookies et données personnelles Préférences cookies

FACE A - un podcast Purecharts

FACE A #30 : Eve Angeli raconte "Avant de partir"

-9:01



s’abonner
partager
à propos

FACE A #30 : Eve Angeli raconte "Avant de partir"

FACE A #29 : MC Solaar raconte "Bouge de là"

FACE A #28 : Lorie raconte "Je vais vite"

FACE A #27 : Christophe Willem raconte "Jacques a dit"

FACE A #26 : Chimène Badi raconte "Entre nous"

FACE A #25 : Indochine raconte "3e sexe"

FACE A #24 : Zaho raconte "C'est chelou"

FACE A #23 : Patrick Bruel raconte "Au café des délices"

FACE A #22 : Kyo raconte "Le chemin"

FACE A #21 : Nolwenn Leroy raconte "Cassé"

FACE A #20 : Patrick Hernandez raconte "Born to be alive"

FACE A #19 : Lorie raconte "Près de moi"

FACE A #18 : Michael Jones raconte "A nos actes manqués" (avec Jean-Jacques Goldman)

FACE A #17 : Khaled raconte "Aïcha"

FACE A #16 : Corneille raconte "Parce qu'on vient de loin"

FACE A #15 : Indochine raconte "L'aventurier"

FACE A #14 : Lorie raconte "Sur un air latino"

FACE A #13 : Calogero raconte "Les feux d'artifice"

FACE A #12 : Natasha St-Pier raconte "Mourir demain" (avec Pascal Obispo)

FACE A #11 : Patrick Bruel raconte "Place des Grands Hommes"

FACE A #10 : Michael Jones raconte "Je te donne" (avec Jean-Jacques Goldman)

FACE A #9 : Garou raconte "Sous le vent" (duo avec Céline Dion)

FACE A #8 : Christophe Willem raconte "Double Je"

FACE A #7 : Larusso raconte "Tu m'oublieras"

FACE A #6 : Zazie raconte "Zen"

FACE A #5 : Vitaa raconte "À fleur de toi"

FACE A #4 : Indochine raconte "J'ai demandé à la lune"

FACE A #3 : Matt Pokora raconte "Elle me contrôle"

FACE A #2 : Patrick Bruel raconte "Casser la voix"

FACE A #1 : Jenifer raconte "J'attends l'amour"